Before we start developing our easy to solutions for being as private and public let's talk about what
we're going to build from the AWOS Council perspective.
So on the search bar I'm simply typing easy too.
And as you can see it is which will sort of in the cloud.
So when I launched DC to the general overview page is greeting me.
So in this page I consider running instances elastic IPs security grooves key pairs and everything.
So we first start going to create a key player for ourselves just like we can do from here.
But again we're not going to use this way we're going to do all of that from our code.
And after that we're going to create a security group and with those in in our hands we can go and launch
our instance like we can do from here and we're going to use Amazon Linux am I.
So we can probably use the latest one as you can see here with the SSD volume type and we're going to
like following the wizard steps and selecting things from this page.
We can simply launch are easy to instance from our pipeline and both all three client and it is going
to be a huge fund to do that because launching machines from your code it is actually a great feeling.
And after we've finished with our public easy to instance we're going to launch our private is to instance
just like we could do from here.
So to start developing our solution and start by creating a key pair I'll be seeing you on the next
video.